In Web Assembly the fundamental
unit of code is a module.
And if this looks, this has got to look
a little strange to most of you because,
it looks strange to me even now.
Because at least no brackets and there's
no parentheses or anything like that.
The Web Assembly is actually a module,
it's written in a format
called the S-expression.
Not terribly important to know you
can look up the docs on MDN and
get real nerdy about it.
But essentially, it's a tree and
the different parentheses represent
different branches on that tree.
But ultimately, it comes back to
the trunk, there are, trying to think of
a good course, I think Bianca has
a good course, on data structures.
There's a few good course on front of
masters on data structures if you wanna
learn more about trees and
things like that.
I try not to load you down, with too
much information that is not, useful.
I just thought you'd like to know,
that this is actually a real format,
it's an old format.
But that's it, back to our program.
The financing code is a module,
we can declare our modules using func.
The func keyword, names and parameters
are prefixed with a dollar sign so
you know what you're reading.
And more importantly here
is the concept of types.
Remember earlier actually,
in the last section,
we talked about different number types and
how that's important.
It's important here because, again, we're
dealing with binary streams of data that
is ones and zeros and
we need to know how to read that.
And to know how to read that,
we have to tell our Web Assembly module,
what type of number we're looking at.
So that if we see a string of eight zeros
actually will say a string of 16 zeros.
We can either interpret that as
one number, a 16 bit integer, or
we can say, actually that's 2,
8 bit integers.
And in the memory because it's this
consistent long string of ones and zeros,
we have noticed slices up, so we know
how to deal with that memory so simply.
And because remember what I said
earlier about different views, and
the danger of like 2 different
processes writing to memory,
which will corrupt it because
we don't know the format.
It's just gibberish at that point.
That's why we have types, is because we
wanna be very specific about the memory
we're accessing, and
the type of data we're moving around.
So that's what the i32 stands for,
and that's what we're gonna use for
this class the entire time.
We're not gonna touch floating
corner 64 bit numbers.
Not totally irrelevant,
we're just gonna use 32 bit integers, and
that's what i32 means.
And we prefix the error,
we set these types, so in this case,
the function signature,
the function is called name.
It's taking in a parameter called params,
the params at 32 bit integer, and
it's gonna return a 32 bit integer.